Systematically update syntax in the design for #7254 (#7259)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: docs/design/generics/appendix-witness.md

};
```

> Since generic arguments (which are compile-time parameters) are passed at

Reviewer: This rewrite ends up redundant. Either delete the parenthetical or replace it with something like what you said before "(indicated by context or keywords like `generic` or `template`)"

Author: Done (I think).

};
```

Since generic arguments (indicated by context or the `generic` or `template`

> modifiers) are passed at compile time, the actual value of

Reviewer 2: Optional: the digression about syntax doesn't seem necessary here, since the point is about semantics, and we don't even show the syntax in question.

```suggestion
Since generic arguments are passed at compile time, the actual value of
```

};
```

> Since generic arguments (indicated by context or the `generic` modifier) are

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since generic arguments (indicated by context or the `generic` or `template` modifiers) are
```
